Change internal links to ref role in user documentation (#2214)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/userdoc/guides/random_numbers.rst

NEST makes randomness easy: Setting a single seed gives you full
control over randomness throughout a simulation, and you can choose seed values
at liberty. NEST's powerful mechanism to :ref:`parameterize nodes and synapses <param_ex>`

> and NEST's :ref:`probabilistic connection rules <connection_management>` allow you

Reviewer: Won't be better to make the name and the reference have similar meanings.
```suggestion
and NEST's :ref:`probabilistic connection properties <network_with_random_properties>` allow you
```

Author: ```suggestion
and NEST's :ref:`probabilistic connection rules <conn_rules>` allow you
```

Author: The label has to reference an existing reference. I'd suggest specifying the section on connection rules in the connection management guide.
